Saltstack has changed their label for from Low Hanging fruit to good … (#661)
MunGell/awesome-for-beginners: README.md

- [opsdroid](https://github.com/opsdroid/opsdroid/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> An open source chat-ops bot framework.
- [pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> Flexible and powerful data analysis / manipulation library for Python, providing labeled data structures similar to R data.frame objects, statistical functions, and much more
- [VPN@Home](https://github.com/ezaquarii/vpn-at-home/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> 1-click OpenVPN deployment and management dashboard.

> - [SaltStack](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/labels/Low-Hanging%20Fruit) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> Software to automate the management and configuration of any infrastructure or application at scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SaltStack](https://github.com/saltstack/salt/labels/good%20first%20issue) _(label: good first issue)_ <br> Software to automate the management and configuration of any infrastructure or application at scale.
```

Author: Hi adding the %20 is a bit confusing for me. Can you tell why it is?

Reviewer: Sure!
It's ASCII encode of " " (space).
U can find more here: https://www.w3schools.com/tags/ref_urlencode.ASP
